What I want you to do is then to,
similarly have the photos page that you
have, and then go ahead and
swap out the list for
the child element when you ever
gonna click on a specific album.
And so what we wanna do is similar
to what we do with to dos,
we wanna be able to allow us to click
on a photo and then see that ID.
So what we're gonna do here is similar to
the to dos, we'll have a photos directory,
and we're gonna do is we're gonna also
create another square bracket id.view.
And so
once again just to prove that this works,
we're gonna do const.route = useRoute, and
then all we're gonna do here
is basically say hey, for
this we're going to say
photo Id is route.params.id.
And so actually let's go ahead and
just make this an h2 class subtitle,
that way at least has some sort
of styling at it, hH2, great.
Okay, so what we need to do is inside
of our photos here we need to do one or
two things.
We need to one, actually wrap the image,
so I can go ahead and
just do the nextLink component,
just like that.
And then the NextLink
component will bind to,
we'll have to do a v-bind
cuz this is a dynamic piece.
Where it'll be /display/photos/ what?
/photo.id.
Once we have that, then we can
afford to then wrap that around.
And that should loop
around the entire image.
Now, let's see if this actually works,
shall we?
So we go inside of the photos, and
then we upload that, there we go.
There you go, everything showing up.
We can see now if we hover over, you'll
see that on the bottom left, it's a little
small but it says local host 3000,
display photos 1, 2, 3 as you'd expect.
So if I click on 3,
we'll notice nothing is happening yet, and
that's because we forgot step two.
And step two is we need to actually show
it, we need to tell it where to render.
And so what I'm gonna do here is
we're gonna actually go ahead and
wrap this in a div
because we're in a page.
And so for now, let me just call this,
I'm gonna do class section.
And then once again,
I'll just do Photo.Gallery at the top.
And then we'll have the NextPage
as like the top level.
And we'll basically make it a conditional
if, route.params.id is true,
basically, if an Id actually exist,
then go ahead and show this.
Otherwise, we're gonna show
this base display component.
And so we still need to actually
wait routes already defined up here.
So actually, we're good to go.
So as you can see, actually it
automatically refreshed already.
Cuz it said, hey, you have a parameter
of three, so let me show you photo id 3.
And then once again, we can go back,
it loads up, everything is good.
Let's switch it out to another one,
a6 coming on in.
So that's how the dynamic parameters work.
And there's more to it than that.
But those are the foundations
you need to basically use that.
And with that, you now have covered
basically the fundamental skills
you need as far as routing goes and paths.
So we have the ability to
create file based routes.
We learned how to create nested routes,
and then two types of nested routes,
one where we have a nested view where we
could actually put it on
a specific part of the page.
Or we could have it just
take over the entire page,
which is what most people typically want.
And then finally, we have dynamic routes
where especially when we're fetching from
an API with the parties,
it's a third party source of data.
We can't guarantee how
many things it'll be.
And so this is why a build time things
like nuts, which we'll show in a little
bit, will actually help us to fetch it all
at build time, generated all statically.
And that's really great for
performance optimizations.
But from a programmatic perspective,
we still need a way to handle that,
hence dynamic routes.